Grandpa, what's wrong with me?
Oh, dear.
Miss Su, you are a god
Zhenzhen, he is your savior
Miss Su, don't hurry up and thank you
No thanks
Just don't forget our original promise
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is it raining okay?
You invite me to go
What did you promise him?
Don't be fooled by him.
Unit 1: Between Us 2,000
Grandpa
Let's go out first
I have something to say to Miss Su
Well, then you can talk slowly.
Discord is unreasonable to Miss Su
I see.
You didn't ask me to stay to thank me
Come on, you really guessed it right.
I just wanted to tell you
Stay away from Ah Jin
You don't deserve him
A talent like you is not worthy of Police Shen Xiu at all
The things you think you do
Nobody knows?
What do you mean?
I saw your mourning platform when I rescued you just now
Whether you indirectly killed your mother
Or the things you did to Shen Xiu
I can see it clearly
Dang dang gouged out his eyes here
After I taught him a lesson
The money is yours.
The reason why he can make it easy now
It's because he lost part of his memory
Do you think if he knew all the truth
What would he do to you?
You bitch
How can you drag me down?
I warn you.
If you dare to rest again
I'll let you go to hell